{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15620\viewh20300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Step 1: Reflection
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 I was most inspired by the simplicity, color scheme and large images of\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 https://eyeondesign.aiga.org/\
http://www.wrapmagazine.com/\
\
I think the strong contrast between the dense logo and the spacious navigation worked well. I\'92m glad that so far all the elements are aligning. (the video section is under construction)\
I struggled with keeping a consistent look through 3 design variations for desktop, tablet and phone. I keep struggling with how much interaction to include, should a user get \'93feedback\'94 when they roll over the image even if no action is required? \
It took me some time to resolve alignment issues of the navigation and logo (resolved with the help of Sarah). It was hard for me to figure out how to space the columns and align them with the rule above. I also wrote duplicate css for at least 1 element and didn\'92t notice till I encountered problems. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 In retrospect it seems better to start with the smallest design for the phone and grow it, rather than reduce the big design.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1
\cf0 \
\

\b Step 2: Reviews
\b0 \
http://www.sagmeisterwalsh.com/\
Sagmeister is known for surprising design solution, no wonder the homepage is unusual. A ceiling camera is projecting live pix from the studio, the floor has turned into navigation with bold, sans-serif, white lettering over black banners. It is cool but it is not a pleasant site. It seems like a relic from the Sagmeister days, not belonging to the Sagmeister&Walsh days (see the different office photograph in the About page).  The homepage isn\'92t responsive, they probably have a mobile site that skips the homepage altogether and goes straight to the Work tab. \
Once you click on the Work tab you move on to a contemporary page with a grid of work samples that is clean and responsive. The logo is bold and has lots space around it. Each project thumbnail responds to mouse-hover and engages the viewer to click for more.\
The social icons disappear as you reduce the screen, in my opinion the pages works much better without those icons exposed. \
Enjoy reading about the
\b  \'93Sagmeister & Walsh and the robbery that never was\'94
\b0 \
http://www.creativereview.co.uk/cr-blog/2015/april/sagmeister-walsh-hoax-robbery\
\
\
http://www2.warnerbros.com/spacejam/movie/jam.htm\
Awesome relic from the geocities days! The  starry background and footer are probably the only decent items on the page. The navigation typography is hard to read (too small with unnecessary 3d effect), not to mention that it\'92s an image rather than live text.\
The site seems empty - after the logo and navigation the most important element is the legal notice, which is not a surprise in the case of a big company.\
once you click on any button, you are led to a page with an extremely wide column of red type that is quite illegible. More image buttons with weird effects. Even in the 90s it was ugly!\
\
\
}